crosscutgymnast: now recording. uh,

crosscutgymnast: yeah, it's, it is running on my computer. oh, that's right, because the butt should be here, right? yeah, the butt is on. the butt is online. okay,

crash: yeah okay so let's just leave oh...

crosscutgymnast: that is kind of that. that is kind of cool, though, because it's running through discord. i don't have the polar, though, so you you have to run. i have to run. i have to start the polar too.

crash: you don't have the phone you want to start it or should i start it...

crosscutgymnast: hold on now i need. i think i need to start it, because they'll make like api call to localhost. right, and the api is running on my server, so i need to. i need to start it. um,

crash: yeah yeah you're right i...

crosscutgymnast: but like to start it, you just need to do. uh, like to start the api locally, you just need to do like fight, you go into like the root, you do python 3, dash m, src and it starts the the server, but let me just you...

crash: just used something i don't know what it is it's like something i don't know yeah but it's not important maybe i'm in the wrong place yeah i get a few it's okay yep...

crosscutgymnast: get you get an error it's pidentic if it's pidentic it's probably the settings okay so so i want to start python 3 and then is the driver polar right i...

crash: exactly okay should we leave and see if the recording works...

crosscutgymnast: guess so i think we may also like the polar saw something like almost right away so i don't know if it's actually like downloaded like it downloaded a transcript yeah...

crash: it's possible, since you haven't run it before. i've been playing with it, so it might have done that.

crosscutgymnast: so we'll we'll see maybe we'll get like hold...

crash: so is it? is it currently processing something..?

crosscutgymnast: on it's it tried to post something but the the the end point that it called is wrong oh actually like generate minutes post slash generate minutes it says 404 not found let...

crash: what's the endpoint called yeah what was the issue with that oh what did you pull like my most recent changes should...

crosscutgymnast: me see um...

crash: be there...

crosscutgymnast: hold on can i just discard no this is probably okay yeah...

crosscutgymnast: i think, i think i'm up to date. let's go see the route slash. generate minute: no,

crash: maybe i wrote it wrong...

crosscutgymnast: i think. no, no, no, um, hold on, i have a suspicion. i have a suspicion. where's the? where's the call? where's the request? it is, yeah,

crash: also is it running on localhost 8000 okay so that's correct oh...

crosscutgymnast: that's correct. no, like it does like this. getting generate minutes. i don't think you need the f string for this, because we're not like injecting anything post...

crash: yeah you're right...

crosscutgymnast: slash generate minutes i...

crosscutgymnast: mean it should it should be okay actually like i'm a bit confused i'll just let me restart the server let...

crosscutgymnast: me restart the server and we'll also also restart the folder and...

crosscutgymnast: then okay um and...

crosscutgymnast: you have the you have the payload and everything right i mean i know i know you do i saw it i'm pretty sure driver polar uh process change request body transcript start time attendees team...

crosscutgymnast: name yeah everything is there are we saying something is there something that i didn't see is my question transcript time team name attend these i...

crosscutgymnast: don't know if we should be doing like um like a model for like the the actual like request yeah...

crash: oh i think i know what's wrong i think we need a pydantic model for the input because right now it's expecting your parameters yeah i think that's the issue...

crosscutgymnast: yeah, yeah, that's what. that's what i was thinking too,

crosscutgymnast: because otherwise, otherwise i think we just pass it like nothing and we just like, we just get like the raw. we just like read the request and parse it. but i think if we pass it the pylantic model,

crosscutgymnast: i think it just does that for you instead.

crash: yeah maybe easily...

crosscutgymnast: okay, well, if if you're already onto that, i'll let you do it. but it seems like it. it seems like it's gonna work, though, because i, i saw the, i saw the event go through. no,

crash: yeah so in the pydantic model should i also put the session no sounds...

crosscutgymnast: no,

crosscutgymnast: because that's a depend. no, because the session is a dependency and you're not gonna and and you're not gonna be passing the basically like the pylantic model should just be. it should just be like the, the request values.

crash: good well we should have one actually the transcript prompt model attendees not exactly okay i'll put in...

crosscutgymnast: basically,

crosscutgymnast: is it, is it the same thing? because if it's like,

crosscutgymnast: yeah, because if you can put, if you're gonna like, i mean i can do it like. we can do a test quickly, like i'll just create, like a son, like a, like a quick, random model at the top of the thing and just do like a class. we'll call it like a minute sequence model.

crosscutgymnast: it's gonna be a base model and then it needs the transcript of the string that it needs.

crash: transcript is a string. uh,

crosscutgymnast: this or start time is what an integer. so...

crash: start,

crash: i think it's a string. let me let me double check. uh,

crash: yeah,

crash: start time should be a string. yeah,

crosscutgymnast: they're all strings of string string...

crash: except attendees is a dict. uh, with keys,

crash: yeah, oh...

crosscutgymnast: maybe what it was mad about though because like i think it's expecting the start time to be like the the actual like endpoint is expecting the start time to be a date time yeah...

crash: yeah oh what is the iso format but...

crosscutgymnast: so just just pass it like um, we just need to pass it as a date time.

crosscutgymnast: but now i i created like a model. then i have a request, and if i go back into the uh, the polar right, okay...

crash: this...

crash: is the this is the actual like form of the start time but i think it's parsed as a string yeah...

crash: no...

crosscutgymnast: then then it can be as a string. i just need to change the logic of so if we do a, if we do it as a string, then we need to do: uh.

crosscutgymnast: we'll do like a local start time variable and then we'll start time and then i'll convert like: uh. i think i think there's a date time. that uh from from iso format and then you pass it. uh, request that start time, we're...

crash: maybe it should...

crosscutgymnast: out to do it...

crosscutgymnast: yeah that should that should actually give me okay...

crosscutgymnast: i'm...

crosscutgymnast: ready to test it so either you want to like trigger like a change manually okay...

crash: it should, it should still take the last change because it wasn't parsed successfully. that's been my experience. so the last script. but if it doesn't,

crosscutgymnast: i'll kill i'll i'll kill it and then i'll start the polar again then yeah yeah it does note it says no change detected yeah...

crash: if it doesn't, then i'll just add something. okay,

crash: so i'll add something. give me one second...

crash: okay i uploaded it so next time...

crosscutgymnast: so probably within the next 30 seconds uh 60 seconds i guess within the next minute okay...

crosscutgymnast: all right i saw it pass let's go to the other one now we get it still gets a 404 not found and i have like no information so and this one also gets no information so it's like why is it why is it not finding because...

crosscutgymnast: like it does like it does like i know it works like in a sense because it's making the call it's just it's not finding the end point oh my god i'm stupid slash api slash generate minutes yeah that's why okay all right um you wanna yeah you wanna add another thing just one second yeah so...

crash: oh you gotta add that i can add another thing yeah are you running it okay i'm not putting it in any...

crosscutgymnast: our our previous thing probably wasn't even necessary because like the the issue for the 404 was not was not that i even double checked the the thing i don't know why it is...

crash: update...

crosscutgymnast: well not yet i guess it's probably gonna do it soon yeah detected changes okay...

crash: okay...

crosscutgymnast: so it worked,

crosscutgymnast: but it crashed because it says the conference page could not be created because it generated like it generated the, the stuff so like the llm call passed and then we got a 400 when we tried to um to create the, because the page already exists.

crash: that's good that's like good progress uh why oh...

crash: so we need to handle that...

crosscutgymnast: if the page already exists like, we need to either not recreate it or delete, like delete it. so right now we could. so what we could do is just like: um, let's leave this meeting and like trigger, like the entire flow, because it should work right. no,

crash: okay won't i get the same issue with the confluence page oh...

crosscutgymnast: because that page is then the page name i think is like from the like it takes, like the date of the meeting or something. yeah,

crash: i see what you're saying okay yeah sure let's leave and then let's see if it works okay see you

crosscutgymnast: exactly all right, see ya.